I want to I want to amass tremendous
wealth because I believe I will do
something amazing with it I believe that
I will help Humanity I believe that I
understand how to make money work at
scale but I want to make a lot of money
and I want to do cool for me as
much as I want to do cool for other
people I'm so unconflicted about money
I'm not conflicted about wealth the only
reason that I tell people to lead with
taking care of other people doing all of
that is because that's how you get rich
the way to build a big business is to
take care of people we're living in an
age now we're marketing it's all
transparent the world can see through
you that your employees are going to
Snapchat you don't want getting out
like if you're doing things bad it will
be on the internet in a matter of hours
so the world is so working against the
scumbags just don't be a scumbag so
we're living in this really cool time it
is an amazing time it is the best time
to be a good person and want to succeed
at the highest levels of business
because you will be rewarded for being a
good person it's incredible and
that like I'm saying it's a good
business strategy I'm not saying do it
to be a good person I'm saying thank God
because I want to be a good person like
whether it makes me money or not and so
now I'm not
conflicted